---
title: "Playing Zelda as an Old Person"
date: 2018-03-03T08:08:39-0600
draft: true
---





As a busy adult my gaming time is constrained. Maybe I’m playing for an hour before bedtime; maybe I’m playing for a bit while my kid miraculously entertains herself. I rarely get to play for long and I’m frequently interrupted.

With Mario Odyssey that was fine. There were a million moons to get and nearly all of them were easy to spot. If I only had 20 minutes to play, I could usually get a moon or two. Or, for the harder ones, I could practice the level and easily get back to it later.

Zelda, though…It’s huge and nothing about it is obvious. On the one hand I really appreciate it’s unwillingness to guide me. The [‘helpers’ from previous Zelda games](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA6WU26kbUE) are gone. At the start of the game you get 1 quest, “Kill Ganon” and basically no advice on how to go about doing that.

Theoretically this is great. I like games that let players find their own way. “The Witness”, a game I loved, was stonily ambivalent about the order player did things.

But where I could move from one area to another in “The Witness” in a matter of minutes, Zelda’s world is so huge that I could spend an entire play session just trying to get to a new area, only to find out that I’m not yet ready for it or that it’s not at all relevant to my current goals. The huge expanses of Zelda needs more focused time than I can currently give it.

This is frustrating and for a long time I felt as if I was making no progress in the game. Yes, I found some new shrines or some side quests, but the clear signs of progress in Zelda – better weapons, fighting bosses, etc – were almost entirely absent.

This may be the point of the game. Link awakens in a world he knows nothing about but that he helped create, so he has to wander around until he learns what’s going on. But as an old person _playing_ the game, I woludn’t mind if there were someone in the game I could go ask, “Any suggestions on where I go next?”



