---
title: "Wednesday Lunches: Hmong Village"
date: 2018-05-30T14:36:45-0600
draft: true
---





I don’t eat in St. Paul often enough. And when I do, I’m always visiting the same places. Izzy’s, Heirloom, Colossal, Tori, J. Selby, Revival, etc. I don’t know that I’ve ever eaten east of the State Capitol building. Time to change that!

Last weekend I nearly took my cousin to Hmongtown Marketplace. For various reasons we ended up at Hai Hai, but planning the trip to Hmongtown had awakened an urge that could not be resisted. With today off I headed to [Hmong Village](http://heavytable.com/hmong-village-in-st-paul-25-tastes/) for lunch.

Wednesday afternoon is not Peak Time at Hmong Village, so many stalls were closed. But even so, there were still at least 8 different places to get lunch. Following the suggestions of many I got a variety of options from different stalls. Though I negleted to write down where I got each item.

First, a [Mangonada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mangonada). Why are these Mexican drinks sold at a bubble tea stand in Hmong Village? Dunno, but it looked good and tasted delicious.

Second, a Hmong sausage & rice platter. The chili sauce that came with this dish was _no joke_, as I discovered quickly. Tasty, just use with caution. The sausage was juicy, snappy and delicious.

Third, spring rolls, a reliable standby. These were spring rolls. Not much to say here. My kid will love them, which is good.

Finally, a sausage steam bun. Many of the stalls have very similar menus, but this one (Thai Ginger Deli maybe?) was the only one I saw that had steam buns. I always like a steam bun. This one was fine.

Judging from what I saw and have read, Saturday lunch is the time to visit Hmong Village. I want to head back and get some papaya salad, fried fish and see if I can find something like the Mango Sticky Rice that Heavy Table raved about (checks Heavy Table site….) 8 years ago. 8 years! Goodness, how did it take me 8 years to get to Hmong Village?



