---
title: "Taco Tour 2018"
date: 2018-08-05T19:02:18-0600
draft: true
---





This was the [fifth annual East Lake Taco Tour](http://www.tacotouronlakestreet.com) and (from what I saw) the biggest. There were a lot of people using bikes, feet, cabs (provided as part of the tour) and other means to visit as many of the 9 taquerias as they could.

This was my 3rd time attending, but the past two times my only company was my kid. This time there were 5 of us. My group consisted of myself peddaling a cargo bike, two 6-year-olds taking it easy on the back on my cargo bike, and 2 other adults on their own bikes. Of the three adults I certainly ‘earned’ the most tacos by hauling roughly 90 pounds of wiggly children.

We made it to all 9 taquerias over about 3 hours. In order of our attendance, not their quality

1.  Sonora Grill, who chose to serve their tacos in a cavalier “oh, we’ll just remember to bring you a taco within the next 15 minutes or so” manner. The tacos were great, but the setup was weird.
2.  El Nuevo Rodeo. The only stop on both the Dumpling tour and the Taco tour. They know how to feed a tour crowd and everyone came away happy.
3.  La Mexicana Supermercado. One of the few spots to offer a collection of tacos. I got a squash/zucchini taco that was very tasty and a surprising hit with the kids. The small bite of barbacoa I got was great.
4.  Salsa a la Salsa. As per usual they provided a tasty chorizo & nopales taco. Good as always. Even after 3 years my kid never remembers that those green bits are cactus.
5.  Taqueria la Hacienda. Exactly the kind of professional setup I expect from them, and the pastor tacos were tasty to boot. My kid also discovered that horchata is delicious.
6.  El Nuevo Miramar. This spot was new to me. It’s…very shiny. The tacos here were given short shrift my kid’s refusal to use salsa (the only such refusal during the entire tour). The pork was good, but salsa would have taken the taco to a higher level.
7.  Taqueria Los Ocampo. Also provided a mix of tacos and other treats. We all agreed it was ‘fine’ but we may have been suffering taco fatigue.
8.  Taco Taxi. They had a few Taco Tour offerings but I ordered off the set menu and got a cabeza taco that was fresh, greasy and _delicious_. Voted best taco of the tour by my wife.
9.  Taqueria la Poblanita. I think I would like this place, but their asada taco offering for the tour was…fine. More gristly than I expected. Still, I’d like to give this place another shot.



