---
title: "Adjustment Disorders and Me"
date: 2019-04-23T11:39:45-0600
draft: false
---





Today I learned about (and realized I have) an [Adjustment Disorder](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/adjustment-disorders/symptoms-causes/syc-20355224). You might not know about them and you probably should.

Dealing with a huge amount of stress is not something you can just magically ‘do’. It’s hard on you, your body and your brain. And that’s _totally normal_. Sometimes you can work through the stress using the tools you already have (friends, family, exercise). Sometimes you can’t. Maybe the stress is too much, or there were to many big things in a row, and the tools at your disposal are not enough. It is OK and you are not a ‘bad person’ for not being able to ‘man up’ and grit your way through the stress.

Because if you try to force your way through you might find that it **gets worse**. Those stressed-out episodes get longer and longer, or you break down crying when you get home, or you get three hours of sleep as you obsesses over the pain in your life. Maybe you even start to think about hurting yourself. Maybe you start thinking about it a lot.

That’s what’s happening to me, at least.

It is _not your (my) fault_. And you (I) can get help. Tell your friend network what’s going on, do not feel bad about leaning on them. Talk to your doctor, there are short-term drugs that can help you sleep and handle stress attacks. Talk to a mental health professional, it is literally their job to help you. See if your employer offers [EAB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Employee_assistance_program) for short-term crises. Check to see if your county or city offers crisis hotlines & use them. Meditate. Exercise. Rest. Recover. This is temporary and you can get through it.



